Refactoring separating the files (#4)
shadow-robot/sr_experimental_documentation: docs/user_guide/1_4_Installing_the_software.md

```eval_rst
.. Note:: Please remember to replace [EtherCAT interface ID] with your Interface ID and [sr_config_branch] with your unique sr_config branch
```

ROS Kinetic (Recommended):

```eval_rst
.. prompt:: bash $

    bash <(curl -Ls http://bit.ly/launch-sh) -i shadowrobot/dexterous-hand:kinetic-release -n arm-and-hand -sn Arm_Hand_Launcher -e [EtherCAT interface ID] -b [sr_config_branch] -l false
```

Examples:
For Interface ID ```ens0s25``` and sr_config_branch ```shadow_12345```

```eval_rst
.. prompt:: bash $

    bash <(curl -Ls http://bit.ly/launch-sh) -i shadowrobot/dexterous-hand:kinetic-release -n arm-and-hand -sn Arm_Hand_Launcher -e ens0s25 -b shadow_12345 -l false
```  

Same as above but with ROS logs upload enabled

```eval_rst
.. prompt:: bash $

    bash <(curl -Ls http://bit.ly/launch-sh) -i shadowrobot/dexterous-hand:kinetic-release -n arm-and-hand -sn Hand_Launcher -e ens0s25 -b shadow_12345  -l false -ck true 
```  

If you have an Nvidia graphics card, you can add -nv to set the nvidia-docker version. Use ``-nv 1`` or ``-nv 2`` for version 1.0 or 2.0 respectively. Must be used with ``-g true``.

> You can also add -r true in case you want to reinstall the docker image and container. When it finishes it will show:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also add -r true in case you want to reinstall the docker image and container. 

When the one-liner finishes it will show:
```

```bash
Operation completed
```

and it will create two desktop icons on your desktop that you can double-click to launch the system or save the log files from the active containers to your desktop.

# Starting the driver

> Launch the driver at a terminal (in the container), typing:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Launch the driver in a terminal (in the container), typing:
```

CAN1/2 Receive             Blue                V.fast flicker      Motors are sending sensor data
Joint sensor chip select   Yellow              On                  Sensors being sampled
========================   =============       ================    =================================
```

After killing the driver, the lights will be in a new state:
```eval_rst
========================   =============       ================    =================================
Light                      Colour              Activity            Meaning
========================   =============       ================    =================================
Run                        Green               Blinking            Hand is in Pre-Operational state
CAN1/2 Transmit            Blue                Off                 No messages transmitted on CAN 1/2
CAN1/2 Receive             Blue                Off                 No messages received on CAN 1/2
Joint sensor chip select   Yellow              Off                 Sensors not being sampled
========================   =============       ================    =================================
```

# Saving log files and uploading data to our server

> When running the one-liner, you will also notice a second icon named `Save logs` that is used to retrieve and copy all the available logs files from the active containers locally on your Desktop. This icon will create a folder that matches the active container's name and the next level will include the date and timestamp it was executed. When it starts, it will prompt you if you want to continue, as by pressing yes it will close all active containers. After pressing "yes", you will have to enter a description of the logging event and will start coping the bag files, logs and configuration files from the container and then exit. Otherwise, the window will close and no further action will happen. If you provided an upload key with the one-liner installation then the script will also upload your LOGS in compressed format to our server and notify the Shadow's software team about the upload. This will allow the team to fully investigate your issue and provide support where needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After running the one-liner, you will also notice a second icon named `Save logs` that is used to retrieve and copy all the available logs files from the active containers locally to your Desktop. This icon will create a folder that matches the active container's name and the next level will include the date and timestamp it was executed. When it starts, it will prompt you if you want to continue, if you press yes it will close all active containers. After pressing "yes", you will have to enter a description of the logging event and will start coping the bag files, logs and configuration files from the container and then exit. Otherwise, the window will close and no further action will happen. If you provided an upload key with the one-liner installation then the script will also upload your LOGS in compressed format to our server and notify the Shadow's software team about the upload. This will allow the team to fully investigate your issue and provide support where needed.
```
